# Pharmacy-Information-System
Pharmacy management software, — Pharm.B (Pharmacy Builder) — is to store important information about medications and patients in a much simpler way to ensure that the right prescriptions are given out at the right dosage. Furthermore, this new system is meant to be a multi-functional system that allows pharmacists to store the patient’s information and perpetuate the supply and organization of drugs. The system stores the patient’s information to perceive the allergies of the patient and guarantees that no patient would be prescribed a medication that would cause them to suffer from an allergic reaction. Moreover, the system will be very secure, up-to-date, and accurate, this is in order to decrease medication errors, increase patient safety, report drug usage, and track costs. The team members plan on implementing all this by adding inventory tracking, prescription filling and processing (taking all the necessary steps that should be taken to evaluate a prescription, verify its medical importance, benefits or side effects), and point of sale to the system. These three functions are the primary functions of any pharmacy information system; however, we developed some enhancements to it, making pharmacists’ and patients’ life much simpler, faster, and safer. Additionally, we are planning on adding a new feature to our system. Eventually, the development platform is utterly formal and organized. It will be structured by HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Tkinter.

## PREFACE 
This Software Specification (SRS) is intended for the pharmacy doctors ‘the admin of the system’ and pharmacists ‘the users’. This version of SRS covers the interface of release one of the Pharm-B (Builder of Pharmacy) system, which occurred at week 6 of the design process.

